README.md, before:

# InteractiveMapApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.0.4.

This application uses Leaflet to display an interactive map.

## Features

- Leaflet map integration using OpenStreetMap tiles.
- Buttons to add different feature to the map
- Add points/markers by clicking on the map. Popups showing marker coordinates.
- Draw a polygon on the map by clicking multiple points and complete the shape with a double click or "Finish Polygon" button.
- Draw a line string on the map by clicking multiple points and complete the shape with a double click or "Finish Line" button.

---

## 📦 Setup & Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/lironli/interactive-map-app.git
cd interactive-map-app
npm install
```

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. 

The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

[//]: # (## Build)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.)

[//]: # (## Running unit tests)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma]&#40;https://karma-runner.github.io&#41;.)

[//]: # (## Running end-to-end tests)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.)

## Tech Stack

- Angular 16
- Leaflet 1.9
- TypeScript

Commit message:

Adding state management, clearAll ability and bug fix of feature colors

README.md, after:

# InteractiveMapApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.0.4.

This application uses Leaflet to display an interactive map.

## Features

- Leaflet map integration using OpenStreetMap tiles.
- Buttons to add different feature to the map
- Add points/markers by clicking on the map. Popups showing marker coordinates.
- Draw a polygon on the map by clicking multiple points and complete the shape with a double click or "Finish Polygon" button.
- Draw a line string on the map by clicking multiple points and complete the shape with a double click or "Finish Line" button.
- State is being saved in LocalStorage.
- clear All button to delete all saved features. A confirmation window will pop before deletion.

---

## 📦 Setup & Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/lironli/interactive-map-app.git
cd interactive-map-app
npm install
```

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/ . 

The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

[//]: # (## Build)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.)

## Running unit tests


Run `ng test ` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

[//]: # (## Running end-to-end tests)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.)

## Tech Stack

- Angular 16
- Leaflet 1.9
- TypeScript
